Modify rule S6377: better description (#929)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6377/description.adoc

XML signature validations work by parsing third-party data that cannot be trusted until it is actually validated.

As with any other parsing process, unrestricted validation of third-party XML signatures can lead to security vulnerabilities. In this case, threats range from denial of service to confidentiality breaches. +

> To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the ``SecureValidation`` attribute enforces the following restrictions:

Author: ```suggestion
To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the ``jdk.xml.dsig.secureValidationPolicy`` attribute enforces the following restrictions:
```

> To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the ``jdk.xml.dsig.secureValidationPolicy`` attribute enforces the following restrictions:

Author: ```suggestion
To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the ``org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation`` attribute enforces the following restrictions:
```

XML Signatures are used to secure data and provide data integrity, message authentication, and signer authentication. An XML Signature is made of an XML document that can be tampered with. This is why XML Signatures must be verified and validated to not lose their initial purpose.

> The XML Digital Signature API provides a feature to process XML Signatures in a secure way. This is achieved by enabling the "Secure Validation Mode" which is activated by default when the application is running with a security manager. There is no reason to not activate this "Validation Mode" and therefore this rule raises each time XML Signatures are used without explicitly activating it.

Reviewer: Note: The "+" of the second paragraph is a line break in asciidoc markup language

> The XML Digital Signature API provides a feature to process XML Signatures in a secure way. This is achieved by enabling the "Secure Validation Mode" which is activated by default when the application is running with a security manager. There is no reason to not activate this "Validation Mode" and therefore this rule raises each time XML Signatures are used without explicitly activating it.

Reviewer: Another suggestion ⚠️ : Changing the title to **Validation of XML signatures should be secure**.

> The XML Digital Signature API provides a feature to process XML Signatures in a secure way. This is achieved by enabling the "Secure Validation Mode" which is activated by default when the application is running with a security manager. There is no reason to not activate this "Validation Mode" and therefore this rule raises each time XML Signatures are used without explicitly activating it.

Reviewer: Note: The doc mentions

> XML Signature secure validation mode is enabled by default when you run your application with a security manager.

Yet, we don't provide with a fix regarding this

> The XML Digital Signature API provides a feature to process XML Signatures in a secure way. This is achieved by enabling the "Secure Validation Mode" which is activated by default when the application is running with a security manager. There is no reason to not activate this "Validation Mode" and therefore this rule raises each time XML Signatures are used without explicitly activating it.

Reviewer: I also suggest changing (in the non-compliant example)

```
The Java XML Digital Signature API doesn’t use a strong signature validation mode by default:
```

To

```
Unless the application runs with a security manager, the Java XML Digital Signature API validation is vulnerable by default.
```

Next, I think Eric made the choice to talk about the security issues in the compliant example, in case other properties are covered in the future. I suggest that we choose our battle and remove 

```
The Java XML Digital Signature API offers a secure validation mode to protect against various [security issues](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/14/security/java-xml-digital-signature-api-overview-and-tutorial.html#GUID-8618C294-3BFE-45C3-9A1E-C4629E337E68):
```
and change it to

```
Change the ``org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation`` property to ``TRUE``:
```
